Bitvise Tunnelier End User License Agreement

Bitvise Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in Gibraltar with
incorporation number 90668, ("Bitvise"), has developed and continues to develop
a Windows SSH client program named Tunnelier ("Tunnelier"), to which it owns
all right, title, and interest, and is willing to grant you, meaning any
individual or entity who will use Tunnelier, ("you"), the license to use
Tunnelier, upon the condition that you agree to and accept all of the terms of
this License Agreement ("Agreement").

You must read this Agreement carefully.

1.  Definitions.

- A "Machine" is a single hardware computer unit, or a virtual machine running
in a simulated environment inside another Machine. Each node of a cluster
counts as an individual Machine.

- An "Affiliated Individual" is any individual performing work on behalf of an
entity, whether officer, employee, consultant or contractor, whether the
relationship is temporary or permanent, part-time or full-time, direct or
through another agency or company.

- An "Organizational Department" is any reasonably permanent unit of Affiliated
Individuals and/or Machines recognized as a unit in an entity. If an entity has
Affiliated Individuals or Machines that are not part of an Organizational
Department, then this Agreement defines a default Organizational Department as
containing those Affiliated Individuals and Machines.

- An "Environment" is an Organizational Department or the personal domain of a
family or individual.

- The "Measure of Use" in an Environment is: the maximum number of individuals
that use Tunnelier in that Environment on any given day, or the maximum number
of Machines on which Tunnelier is running in that Environment on any given day,
whichever of the two is higher. An individual uses Tunnelier if Tunnelier runs
in the same operating system session that the individual accesses and operates.

2.  License.  Bitvise grants you the right to use Tunnelier free of charge in
an Environment as long as the Measure of Use in that Environment is 4 or less.

Bitvise grants the right to use Tunnelier at a higher Measure of Use ("Expanded
License") generally in return for payment according to Bitvise's current
pricing schedule. An Expanded License is owned perpetually by the Environment
for which it is acquired. An Expanded License is non-transferrable between
Environments, but may be transferred along with an Environment.

Each Environment has a single highest permitted Measure of Use, which is either
the (a) free rights granted by this Agreement, or (b) a higher Measure of Use
permitted by an Expanded License acquired under this Agreement. Any subsequent
purchase of an Expanded License under this Agreement adds to the highest
permitted Measure of Use from previous purchases.

The correct highest permitted Measure of Use is not cumulative with the limited
free use. For example, installing Tunnelier on ten (10) Machines requires an
Expanded License for ten (10) units, not six (6).

When an Expanded License is purchased, Bitvise will send you a "License Code".
Mere possession of a License Code does not imply an Expanded License. It is not
mandatory that an Environment apply a License Code to all its Tunnelier
installations, but applying the License Code may be required to enable features
not present when Tunnelier is used without a License Code.

Any License Code in your possession must be made available only to persons who
require it to administer Tunnelier installations on Machines in the
Environment, and must be protected securely against access by third parties and
unauthorized personnel.

3.  Rights.  You may use Tunnelier in accordance with this Agreement in any way
you see fit to the extent permitted legally where such use is taking place. You
may move your Tunnelier installations to different Machines, by removing
Tunnelier from the Machine on which it was previously installed and installing
it again on the other Machine. You may delete the License Code of an activated
Tunnelier installation from the registry location where it is stored. You may
create copies of the Tunnelier distributable, as well as any or all of
Tunnelier's parts or components, as a backup for your own use in the future.

You may not use Tunnelier beyond the scope legally permitted where such use is
taking place. You may not use Tunnelier beyond the Measure of Use permitted in
your Environment. You may not attempt to circumvent the Tunnelier activation
process in any way without advance, specific and written approval from Bitvise.
You may not reverse engineer or disassemble or modify Tunnelier or any of its
parts or distributables in any way without advance, specific and written
approval from Bitvise. You may not provide a copy of Tunnelier or of any of its
parts or distributables to a third party without advance, specific and written
approval from Bitvise.

4.  Ownership.  You agree that this Agreement does not convey to you any
ownership interest in Tunnelier, and that you are merely granted the license to
use it, which is revoked if you breach your obligations arising from this
Agreement, in accordance with Section 9 (Term and Termination).

5.  Support and Upgrades.  If payment in full has been made for an Expanded
License, Bitvise will, for one year, provide free access to upgrades and newly
released versions, and free email and online-forum support. In subsequent
years, Bitvise offers support and upgrades at an annual rate not higher than 20
percent of the current price for the permitted Measure of Use in your
Environment. Support includes answering questions arising from use of
Tunnelier.

6.  Non-Renewal of Support and Upgrades.  If you choose not to extend the
Support and Upgrades beyond the first year, Bitvise reserves the sole and
unlimited discretion to provide any access to Support and Upgrades.

7.  Indemnification.  In return for the payment in full of fee for an Expanded
License, Bitvise will indemnify you and your officers, directors, agents,
employees, and direct and indirect end user customers against all claims,
actions, judgments, awards, expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees) and
damages awarded or agreed by Bitvise to be paid in settlement arising from a
claim asserting that an unaltered release of Tunnelier including any
modifications or enhancements (collectively the "Indemnified Software")
released by Bitvise to the public during the term of this Agreement and used in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement infringes a third-party copyright,
trade secret or U.S. patent so long as you give Bitvise (a) prompt written
notice of such claim or action; (b) the right to control and direct the
investigation, preparation, defense, and settlement of the action; and (c)
reasonable assistance and information. If a final injunction is obtained
against your right to continue using the Indemnified Software or, if in
Bitvise's opinion the Indemnified Software is likely to become the subject of a
claim, Bitvise shall have the option to (i) obtain the right for you to
continue using the Indemnified Software; or (ii) replace or modify the
Indemnified Software so that it no longer infringes but functions equivalently
and the replacement software does not affect the form, fit or function
(including interoperability) of the Indemnified Software. If Bitvise determines
that neither of these alternatives is practicable after sustained and
reasonable efforts, Bitvise shall remove the infringing portion and refund to
you an applicable portion of the monies you paid for the affected software less
depreciation for use assuming straight line depreciation over a five-year
useful life.

8.  Assignment.  This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each
party's permitted successors and assigns. However, you may not assign this
Agreement in whole or in part, or transfer to a third party the license or any
of the rights or obligations granted to you through this Agreement, unless
explicitly permitted to do so by Bitvise in this Agreement or separately in
writing. Any attempt to assign this Agreement or transfer such license or
obligations or rights without Bitvise's explicit written permission will be
void and null.

Note that Section 2 (License) specifically allows you to transfer your
Tunnelier license when you transfer an Environment in whole.

9.  Term and Termination.  This Agreement remains valid and in force
indefinitely as long as you continue to use Tunnelier on any Machine, or
continue to have any copies of Tunnelier, any of its parts or distributables
stored on any Machine or storage facility in your possession or control.

You may terminate this Agreement unilaterally at any time, and with immediate
effect, if you have already removed or made irreversibly inoperable all copies
of Tunnelier and any of its parts or distributables residing on any Machines or
media in your possession or control.

This Agreement is terminated automatically, and with immediate effect, if you
breach any of your obligations according to this Agreement, and fail to cure
the breach within thirty (30) calendar days of discovering the breach. In this
case, you must cease to use Tunnelier immediately, and must immediately remove
or make irreversibly inoperable all copies of Tunnelier and any of its parts or
distributables residing on any Machines or media in your possession or control.

10. Limitation of Responsibility.  You agree that you shall not hold Bitvise
responsible or liable:

- for any damage or harm caused or arising through anyone's use, misuse or
attempted use of Tunnelier, including but not limited to any failure of or
within Tunnelier, any programming error in, triggered by or related to
Tunnelier, or any incorrect or illegal use of Tunnelier. You assume the entire
risk of the results and performance of your Tunnelier installations;

- for any damage or harm caused by a technical or administrative problem on the
recipient's or intermediary's behalf that cannot reasonably be cured by
Bitvise, including but not limited to any DNS or mail server issue or a problem
with a proxy, a firewall, email filtering or another network device.

Furthermore, you agree that Bitvise's total liabilities, if any, arising from
this Agreement or Tunnelier shall not exceed the amount actually paid to
Bitvise for Tunnelier's use in your Environment. Any use of Tunnelier that
requires greater assurance is at your own risk and responsibility.

11. Headings.  Headings and captions are for convenience only and are not to be
used in the interpretation of this Agreement.

12. Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by
the laws of England. Each party agrees that any suit that it brings in relation
to this Agreement shall be brought in a court sitting in England, and that
venue is proper in England. Each party agrees not to dispute the personal
jurisdiction of a court sitting in England.

13. Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is adjudged by any court
of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, and that provision is
capable of being limited or eliminated without destroying the material economic
incentives of the parties embodied by this Agreement then such provision shall
be so limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this
Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.

14. Survival.  The following provisions shall survive termination of this
Agreement: Section 1 (Definitions), Section 3 (Rights), Section 4 (Ownership),
Section 7 (No Assignment), Section 9 (Term and Termination), Section 10
(Limitation of Responsibility), Section 11 (Headings), Section 12 (Governing
Law, Jurisdiction and Venue), Section 13 (Severability), Section 14 (Survival),
Section 15 (Waiver), Section 16 (Complete Agreement and Modification).

15. Waiver.  No failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right under this
Agreement will operate as a waiver of that right, nor will any single or
partial exercise of any right or power preclude further exercise of that right
or any other right.

16. Complete Agreement and Modification.  This Agreement constitutes the
complete and only agreement of the parties with respect to its subject matter,
to be superseded or modified only by a written document that refers
specifically to this Agreement and is signed by both parties.